[Music]
here on plot 61 of the district of
majes in which we can appreciate that has
there was a genetic malformation in this
animal as you can appreciate
has four eyes three ears and two
never seen before
[Music]
beautiful amazons same risk
think beautiful amazons all all
[Music]
beautiful
its beautiful
today
how
Hello
[Music]
dyn
this martini artist at the head is like
the Indians send
[Music]
I am beautiful
it's natural
how long are you feeling and seven
months because inclination of time that
happened we lacked faith seven months high two
months and for such
and yellow and night came new bite
annoying and in the morning at 6 o'clock
morning
already when he put his hand and has been
teacher already when you think I'm going to
dead at dawn and this does not seem
yesterday that has already died
and that there is a winner
precisely and I also when he got
the hand in the robe is practically that
know is the head what has touched
more than anything
how many heads have two heads and
then now you leave four eyes
I have lived these imagine you will decide
my life
if now lived it would be safe dead
the calf the cow and one of the two
sometime in your life
It was not no no no
it is not this which is two years old
sixty
in this way the mercury
Jose Andres Mamani Mamani